50Center store
Pires, Santos and Pinto
salmon
32 0 32Home Goods
Brito e Associados
cereal
12 0 12DVD rentals
Rocha - Pires
sausage
48 0 48Nonfood & Pharmacy 
Fernandes, Leal and Henriques
lemons/limes
10 0 10Deli
Brito e Associados
sandwich/snack bags
32 1 64Nonfood & Pharmacy 
Vieira - Fernandes
roast beef
80 0 80Home Goods
Vieira - Fernandes
sour cream
58 0 58Deli
Vieira - Fernandes
grapes
22 1 44Deli
Tavares, Vieira and Cruz
shrimp
30 1 60Home Goods
Gomes, Fonseca and Reis
cucumbers
14 0 14Deli
Torres, Nunes and Henriques
watermelon
22 1 44Nonfood & Pharmacy 
Monteiro LTDA
soy sauce
60 0 60Nonfood & Pharmacy 
Machado S.A.
pineapple
50 0 50Home Goods
Barros - Guerreiro
thyme
48 0 48Home Goods
Barros - Guerreiro
peaches
72 0 72DVD rentals
Vieira - Fernandes
salmon
40 0 40Deli
Barros - Guerreiro
Flour tortillas
30 1 60DVD rentals
Cunha - Loureiro
soy milk
38 0 38Nonfood & Pharmacy 
Vieira - Fernandes
paper towels
54 0 54Deli
Pires, Santos and Pinto
milk
32 1 64Deli
Barros - Guerreiro
sweet potatoes
13 1 26Home Goods
Costa, Andrade and Mota
tomato sauce
12 0 12Deli
Barros - Guerreiro
rotini
3 1 6DVD rentals
Baptista LTDA
English muffins
12 0 12Center store
Monteiro LTDA
peaches
40 0 40Deli
Baptista LTDA
cookies
8 1 16Deli
Fernandes, Leal and Henriques
potatoes
26 1 52Deli
Vieira - Fernandes
Worcestershire
30 1 60DVD rentals
Baptista LTDA
green beans
2 0 2Home Goods
Pires, Santos and Pinto
potato chips
76 0 76Nonfood & Pharmacy 
Baptista LTDA
bacon
14 0 14DVD rentals
Tavares, Vieira and Cruz
coleslaw
62 0 62Nonfood & Pharmacy 
Nobre - Baptista
bacon
54 0 54DVD rentals
Tavares, Vieira and Cruz
popcorn
64 0 64DVD rentals
Machado S.A.
pork roast
32 0 32Deli
Gomes, Fonseca and Reis
rotini
6 1 12Deli
Cunha - Loureiro
baking soda
33 1 66Home Goods
Rocha - Pires
strawberries
24 0 24Deli
Vieira - Fernandes
blueberries
36 1 72DVD rentals
Cunha - Loureiro
cookies
68 0 68Nonfood & Pharmacy 
Monteiro LTDA
green peppers
20 0 20DVD rentals
Cunha - Loureiro
applesauce
8 0 8DVD rentals
Cunha - Loureiro
baking powder
72 0 72Nonfood & Pharmacy 
Baptista LTDA
peaches
58 0 58Home Goods
Brito e Associados
bacon
2 0 2Deli
Gomes, Fonseca and Reis
baking soda
7 1 14Deli
Fernandes, Leal and Henriques
milk
8 1 16Deli
Rocha - Pires
eggs
27 1 54DVD rentals
Torres, Nunes and Henriques
tomatoes
48 0 48Nonfood & Pharmacy 
Barros - Guerreiro
sour cream
2 0 2